---
layout: post
title: 3824 - Numbers Game 2048
description: 3824 - Calculation training for the classic 2048 number matching game!
date: 2023-06-20 00:00:00
appstore: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/6450252442?l=en
gooleplay: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.yomi.mentalcalculation3824
category: Games
appcode: mcpuz2d002
---


Once you start playing, you will absolutely be addicted to these 3824 puzzle games. Blocks game is designed with beautiful graphics and intuitive gameplay, perfect for anyone who loves number block puzzle games.

<br>

#### How to Play → Number Matching Game

🔢? Swipe in any of the four directions (up, down, left, right) and connect the number blocks to count the blocks with the current operator, and the target result is 24.

<br>

#### Features → 3824:2048 Number Matching Game

🔢? Minimalist and elegantly designed game.

🔢? Train thinking operations.

🔢? Auto-save game.

🔢? Global leaderboards.

🔢? No time limit.

With 3824 Number Blocks Puzzle Game, you'll experience a unique and challenging number crunching experience that's as fun as it is fun. Number block puzzle gameplay is easy to understand, but the challenge comes from finding the right strategy to reach 24 number block tiles. Enjoy hours of fun and entertainment with the free 2048 numbers game that offers endless possibilities for number matching and block merging. Test your skills and strategy with the number block puzzle game and see how far you can go with the highest number 2048. Get the 3824: 2048 Number Puzzle Game app now and start playing one of the most popular number merge games on the market!

- Don't forget to rate us
Send us your suggestions and feedback, as we're always looking to add new levels and features!

<br>

#### Tutorial

<b>Tutorial 1</b>. Press and hold the number to slide to link other numbers, use the upper left corner operation symbol to link the numbers to perform calculations, and the target calculation result is equal to 24.

<video width="320" height="610" autoplay loop muted>
  <source src="images\videos\mcpuz2d002\tutorial_1.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

<br>

<b>Tutorial 2</b>. Press and hold the screen to link numbers, the number in the upper right corner of the square is the current operation result; you can cancel the last operation by sliding back without releasing your finger, and then you can try to link other numbers again.

<video width="320" height="610" autoplay loop muted>
  <source src="images\videos\mcpuz2d002\tutorial_2.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

<br>

<b>Tutorial 3</b>. When you link numbers for the first time, release your finger to calculate once; when you click the connected number again, a new operation symbol will be automatically used in the upper left corner of the screen; if the last calculation result is not equal to 24, you can click again to link other numbers next time.

<video width="320" height="610" autoplay loop muted>
  <source src="images\videos\mcpuz2d002\tutorial_3.mp4" type="video/mp4">
</video>

<br>

#### Choose Game Complexity

##### Classic


Numbers：1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10

Operator：+,-,*,/



##### Simple

Numbers：2,4,6,8

Operator：+



<br>


#### Contact us

If you have any questions or concerns about this app, please contact us (Email:  __yomi88520@126.com__).


<br>
<br>
<br>
<br>

